Here's three things that make life
better. One, the ability to deep squat,
heels on the ground, hamstring on the
calf, and your back relatively straight.
Number two, the ability to touch your
toes with your knees totally straight.
And three, the ability to reach overhead
with your ribs touching the wall and
your wrists touching the wall. And
again, your ribs, it's actually really
hard. The reason for the deep squat
ability is if you can do this, you
probably have healthy ankles, knees, and
even hips.
If you want to build up to it, start
with an ankle stretch like this, knee
pulses like this, and butterfly stretch
like this. Relax and hold. Hold each
stretch for 30 seconds or 30 pulses. And
do it two times at least. If you can
touch your toes, it's a sign that you're
probably not as stressed as everybody
else is because your nervous system
isn't as hyperactive. Stretching won't
get rid of stress, but exercise helps,
which is why you want to hold this
stretch for 30 seconds. Then you want to
find a restful pose and relax. Then hold
the stretch for 30 more seconds. And
make sure you do it on both sides, of
course. But to be honest with you, the
best thing for your nervous system is a
good night's sleep. Now for the overhead
reach. If you can touch your wrists to
the wall without your ribs flaring off
all crazily like this, it's a sign that
you're at least undoing all that phone
slouching that you're normally doing. A
lot of people are still stuck doing this
when all it takes is 30 seconds of a
stretch like this to undo most of that
stuff you got going on. Also, be
grateful cuz you could lose everything
in just a moment. I currently have
seroriatic arthritis all throughout my
neck and spine, so moving my head any
more than this genuinely really hurts. I
thought I was going to be flexy into old
age, but turns out that might not be the
case. But that's okay because I'm
grateful for what I had. Stay flexy.